c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.exe.config
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.Form1.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.exe
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.pdb
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
c:\users\user1\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
C:\Users\USER1\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication18\WindowsFormsApplication18\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication18.relatorio2.resources
